https://ifoodreal.com/almond-flour-banana-bread/#recipe

# Almond Flour Banana Bread
Almond Flour Banana Bread is a moist quick bread your family will go bananas for! It is gluten-free, refined sugar free and made in one bowl.
Prep Time
10minutes mins
Cook Time
50minutes mins
Total Time
1hour hr
Course: Muffins and Quick BreadCuisine: North AmericanDiet: Gluten Free Servings: 10 slices Calories: 309kcal Author: Olena Osipov
Ingredients
3 medium-large very ripe bananas with brown spots 1 cup mashed
3 large eggs
1/4 cup any sweetener I use maple syrup
1/4 cup any mild oil or melted butter I use avocado oil
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 cups almond flour not almond meal
Cooking spray I use Misto
Instructions
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, line metal 9 x 5 loaf pan with parchment paper or leave non-stick as is. Spray only bottom and lower 1" with cooking spray. Set aside.
In a large mixing bowl, add bananas and mash with a masher. Then add eggs, sweetener, oil, vanilla, cinnamon, baking soda, baking powder and salt; whisk until combined.
Add almond flour and stir and mix gently with spatula to combine.
Pour batter into previously prepared loaf pan and bake for 50 minutes or until the toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean.
Remove almond flour banana bread from the oven and transfer to a cooling rack to cool off for 10 minutes. Remove bread from a loaf pan and let it cool off completely. Slice with sharp serrated knife - works best with breads to keep them from falling apart.
Notes
Store: Store bread in an airtight container in a cool dry place for up to 3 days. After refrigerate for another 3 days.
Freeze: Bake and cool completely. I recommend to freeze bread unsliced to retain moisture. Place in a gallon size Ziploc container, let out as much air as possible and seal. Freeze for up to 3 months. Thaw on a counter for a few hours.
Metal pan: I have way better success baking this bread in metal pan vs. ceramic. It rises better and is not as wet.
Oil: Any mild tasting oil like avocado oil, light olive oil, melted coconut oil, grapeseed oil will work.
Flour: You can't use any other flour besides almond flour.
Sweetener: I have successfully baked this bread with honey, maple syrup and even Lakanto monkfruit sweetener (erythritol). I think any dry or liquid sweetener works in same amount.
Vegan: I have successfully tested this with a chia egg - note it is a bit more dense/flat but turns out wonderful!
Nutrition
Serving: 1slice | Calories: 309kcal | Carbohydrates: 23g | Protein: 9g | Fat: 23g | Saturated Fat: 5g | Cholesterol: 61mg | Sodium: 293mg | Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 13g